add pre requisite for Amazon EKS deploy (#6180)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/deployment-options/deploying-with-kubernetes/kubernetes-conf.rst

--------------

>     - Kubernetes cluster already deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  A Kubernetes cluster already deployed.
```

>     - For Kubernetes version 1.23 or higher in Amazon EKS, the assignment of an IAM Role is necessary for the CSI driver to function correctly. Within the AWS documentation you can find the instructions for the assignment: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/ebs-csi.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  For Amazon EKS deployments using Kubernetes version 1.23 and later, an Amazon EBS CSI driver IAM role. The CSI driver requires that you assign an IAM role to work properly. Read AWS documentation to find instructions on `Creating the Amazon EBS CSI driver IAM role <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/csi-iam-role.html>`__. You need to install the CSI driver for both, new and old deployments. The CSI driver is an essential Kubernetes feature.
```
